Anyways, back to what I wanted to write this reflection about in the first place. Today I made a fairly material choice about psudonym privacy which took ignificant consideration. It has to do with a private communication from Chives asking me to review a [draft](https://github.com/orgs/WhyDRS/discussions/2) regulatory letter.

He shared this with me a few days ago, asking for comments. It was a Google Doc with material improvmenets suggested in the comment pane by Chives. They were all really good suggesteions to polish uip what was already a stellar letter.

In the private Discord chat sharing the doc, Chives disclosed the reddit username of its author. However, the the public draft discussion above, he did not credit WhatCan. I don't know if this was intentional or just an oversight on his part, but I'd lean towards the latter.

## Implications

This isn't like the most important thing ever that must be disclosed. In other words, people should certainly have permission to post anything they want anonymously. The original and current draft is signed off by "A Concerned Retail Investor".

But I really see no problems whatsoever with disclosing phudonomyous usernames, public keys, or government identifiers. No, I don't mean social securit ynnumbers which inexpolicably bear material power just because you know eight digits&mdash;be them yours or someone elses.[^ssn] But there are vast public databases, albeit fragemneted, mapping EINs, CIKs, and names to companies, for instance.

These databases are pwoered by our own public disclosure of financial information, requisite fovernment transparency laws, and everday interations betweek siloed services. ACcordingly,y tehse psudonomyous tags

[^ssn]: The Federal protections around `ssa.gov` and in general the number management process are actually fairly good. They provide a ton of disclosures, take their time with revciewing seucrity info, and provide a staggerinyl-secure access portal with ID verification, hardware keys, and address verification letters. The real problem boils down to finacnial intermediaries who conduct minimal diligence when accepting, processing, and wharehousiunbg SSNs because they are financially incentivized to minimize data security costs&mdash;until they're [not](https://www.nytimes.com/2014/12/22/business/media/hacking-at-sony-over-the-interview-reveals-hollywoods-failings-too.html).
